Now, you've implemented a method
for recommending the most popular items to any user.
This method frequently works well for
trending events which you see on Twitter and Facebook,
as well as when you don't know a lot about your users.
It's easier to just pick
the most popular events and use them as a recommendation for everyone.
However, this way of making recommendations is not very personalized to the user.
Instead, we can make better recommendations by using
information about how users have interacted with items in the past.
This would lead to more personalized and therefore, better recommendations.
Recommending Titanic for every user because it's one of
the most popular movies of all time probably doesn't make a lot of sense.
Because the recommendation would be totally irrelevant to a household
whose entire watch history is comprised of children's educational shows.
Using interactions between users and items is
a very common approach used by retailers to
create better recommendations for their customers.
Here is a snapshot of what my landing page at Amazon looks like.
I regularly received recommendations from Amazon for books
related to statistics and machine learning because of my earlier purchasing habits.
In the next parts of this lesson,
we'll look at different ways we might go about
providing more personalized recommendations.